.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, before:

---
name: Feature request
about: Request approval for a new feature to be added into the game.
title: '[FEAT] Title goes here'
labels: feature request
assignees: ''
---

## Summary of Request

Provide summary of the problem, and the value that is added if the feature was added (i.e. As a player, I want a way to do this in game, so that value can be added to me in this way).

## Proof of Community Demand

Provide clear, numerical evidence proving that community demand exists for this feature. This can be community polls, discord screenshots, Aha! proposals, etc.

## Technical Requirements

Provide clear, step-by-step instructions for HOW this feature should be implemented. Keep sentences short, and use sub-bullets if needed. Developers should be able to look at this list and effortlessly start programming the new feature.

1. TODO

### Backend Updates Needed

Provide a list of what backend updates will be needed to support this feature. Write N/A if none needed.

1. TODO

### Smart Contract Updates Needed

Provide a list of what smart contract updates will be needed to support this feature. Write N/A if none needed.

1. TODO

## UI/UX Design Requirements

Provide a list of UI/UX design considerations needed to support this feature. A UI/UX designer should be able to easily design new game interfaces after reading this list. Write N/A if none are needed.

1. TODO

## Assets Needed

Provide a list of assets needed to support this feature. This can be new sound-effects, music, graphics, gifs, etc. An asset creator should be able to easily design a new asset after reading this list. Write N/A if none are needed.

1. TODO

Commit message:

Added contributors section to templates; Updated README.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md, after:

---
name: Feature request
about: Request approval for a new feature to be added into the game.
title: '[FEAT] Title goes here'
labels: feature request
assignees: ''
---

## Summary of Request

Provide summary of the problem, and the value that is added if the feature was added (i.e. As a player, I want a way to do this in game, so that value can be added to me in this way).

## Proof of Community Demand

Provide clear, numerical evidence proving that community demand exists for this feature. This can be community polls, discord screenshots, Aha! proposals, etc.

## Contributors

If know, please provide the list of contributors who will be working on this feature.

- TODO

## Technical Requirements

Provide clear, step-by-step instructions for HOW this feature should be implemented. Keep sentences short, and use sub-bullets if needed. Developers should be able to look at this list and effortlessly start programming the new feature.

1. TODO

### Backend Updates Needed

Provide a list of what backend updates will be needed to support this feature. Write N/A if none needed.

1. TODO

### Smart Contract Updates Needed

Provide a list of what smart contract updates will be needed to support this feature. Write N/A if none needed.

1. TODO

## UI/UX Design Requirements

Provide a list of UI/UX design considerations needed to support this feature. A UI/UX designer should be able to easily design new game interfaces after reading this list. Write N/A if none are needed.

1. TODO

## Assets Needed

Provide a list of assets needed to support this feature. This can be new sound-effects, music, graphics, gifs, etc. An asset creator should be able to easily design a new asset after reading this list. Write N/A if none are needed.

1. TODO
